So Malata actually initialises project now it's time to create a folder structure.
And I would like to kind of use the same folder structure as the Seelye uses.
So I will create a source folder for our source code.
And in this source folder I will create an app folder where we create our actual app.
Now the set up we're going to build here will not cover all the features to see like covers.
I won't add s.c.s as compilation or the support of files like images.
You can always add this if you don't dive into web pick and at the appropriate Lowder's.
But I want to focus on the angle or part and make sure that things like lazy loading and ahead of time
compilation work.
So now in the apps folder let's create a basic application so that we have something to test right.
So this application should also use routing and also use lazy loading so that we can see that that really
works the way we expect that to work.
So let's now add a fitting application which supports all the features we want to use.
I will start by adding a main dot TS file.
This may not be as follows.
Our main entry point later on I will then also start or add my app dot module Dotty's file.
I will add my app routing dog Modula or TS fall for the routing.
I will add my app component tortillas file and it will fill all these files with life later on I will
add my apt or component HD file for the template and my app thought component see us as follows for
the styling and I also want to add another component because I want to use routings so will add a home
dot component tortillas file without extra templates.
Though of course you could add some though if you want.
And then I'll add a new directory with some users.
And here I want to add my users module.
TS file.
My user is routing toward module TS file.
Let me expand this folder then my user users component or TS file and my users component HVM a file.
And lastly the users component.
Perhaps C S S file.
So a lot of files we got here.
Now I also need a number fall EDID in the source folder not in the app folder and that will be my index.
Chimo file and my Poley fields dot ts files so that we can import all the poli fields we need for different
browsers.
Now we'll come back to the POLLI FILDES fall later and to the index Faltu.
I want to start with my main haughtiest file now so that we can start creating that angular application
and for that of course we need to add some import some of dependencies we need dangler framework to
begin with.
Because right now we get no extra packages installed of course at least having the angular package would
be a great start.
So let's install angular and then create our first app in the next lecture.